Breaking: improve plugin resolving (refs eslint/rfcs#47) (#12922)
eslint/eslint: docs/user-guide/configuring.md

    - eslint-plugin-plugin2
```

> * **Note1:** Plugins are resolved relative to the config file. In other words, ESLint will load the plugin as a user would obtain by running `require('eslint-plugin-pluginname')` in the config file.

Reviewer: Can we reformat this to something like the following?

```suggestion
**Notes:**

1. Plugins are resolved relative to the config file. In other words, ESLint will load the plugin as a user would obtain by running `require('eslint-plugin-pluginname')` in the config file.

2. Plugins in the base configuration (loaded by `extends` setting) are relative to the derived config file. For example, if `./.eslintrc` has `extends: ["foo"]` and the `eslint-config-foo` has `plugins: ["bar"]`, ESLint finds the `eslint-plugin-bar` from `./node_modules/` (rather than `./node_modules/eslint-config-foo/node_modules/`) or ancestor directories. Thus every plugin in the config file and base configurations is resolved uniquely.
```
